added 1 report(21270) and modified significantly another report(10601) (#59)
CMU-HKN/CMU-ECE-CS-Guide: electives/10601.md

The class will cover a good variety of ML concepts, but does not go too much into detail since it is 
just an introductory class.

## Prerequisites

- One probability course, be it 36-225, 36-217, or some equivalent
- Concepts (21-127, 15-151 or equivalent)
- 15-122

> Skipping these prerequisits, especially the math ones, is not recommended. This course is essentially half math.

Reviewer: If you claim it's half math -- you should mention which maths are used.

```suggestion
Skipping these prerequisites, especially the math ones, is not recommended. This course is essentially half math and heavily uses concepts related to probability and proof writing.
```

## Homeworks

> Homework is usually split into programming and written sections. There are also times when homework is exclusively written. No extensive knowledge of latex is needed as a template is usually provided, although it is helpful to know. For many, the programming part may be easier than the written part. The written portion of the assignment is usually key to understanding aspects of the programming section, so skimming the written portion at bare minimum is extremely important. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Homework is usually split into programming and written sections. There are also times when homework is exclusively written. No extensive knowledge of LaTeX is needed as a template is usually provided, although it is helpful to know. For many, the programming part may be easier than the written part. The written portion of the assignment is usually key to understanding aspects of the programming section, so skimming the written portion at bare minimum is extremely important. 
```

For exams, it is important to know all your **equations and algorithms**.
Fortunately, you have a cheatsheet so you can put those on there!

The best thing you can do is to take the practice exams from the course website. 
There is a chance that the exact same question shows up in the actual exam.

In addition, you can also do other school's exams for extra practice on the topic.

## External materials for the class

> The good news about ML is that it is a very widely taught course, so there are lots of good materials about it outside of CMU. The most notable source for ML education is Andrew Ng's CS229 course at Stanford. His course notes are great and his class has lots of great content.

Reviewer: The old link is dead, but looks like https://github.com/maxim5/cs229-2018-autumn is still alive, and it's probably worth linking https://cs229.stanford.edu/ as well
